1305813083
ApplicationController	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Course	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/models/course.rb	class Course 
CourseController	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/course_controller.rb	class CourseController 
CourseHelper	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/helpers/course_helper.rb	module CourseHelper
HomeController	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
HomeHelper	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	module HomeHelper
Student	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/models/student.rb	class Student 
StudentController	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/student_controller.rb	class StudentController 
StudentHelper	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/helpers/student_helper.rb	module StudentHelper
Teacher	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/models/teacher.rb	class Teacher 
TeacherController	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/teacher_controller.rb	class TeacherController 
TeacherHelper	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/helpers/teacher_helper.rb	module TeacherHelper
User	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/models/user.rb	class User 
change_password	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	    def change_password
chpass_process	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	    def chpass_process
index	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	    def index
logout	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	    def logout
my_account	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	    def my_account
process_login	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	    def process_login
sHome	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/student_controller.rb	  def sHome
thome	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/teacher_controller.rb	  def thome
updateInfo	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/student_controller.rb	    def updateInfo
update_process	/home/amit/Desktop/Ed_portal/app/controllers/student_controller.rb	    def update_process
